Hello vice president
I heard that your planning ability is even recognized by my mother
Let's see what you can teach this time
The vice president joked that we may be full of talents
Just say my ability is the most average
I think my mouth is slippery
This time I got you away, no surname Xu
Mom, let Wang Mingxuan speak first
OK
Ok, thank you Mr. Xu
Colleagues, please join us
About this time Xu Shi
Real estate projects jointly invested with stories
It's called the TT Building.
The TT building is shaped like a t
Wait a minute Mr. Xu
This is my PPT.
Wang Mixuan, forget about plagiarizing
Are you too lazy to change a word?
Xiao Jiang, what the hell is going on?
You in Xinjiang say I plagiarize
Do you have evidence for your karma?
Jiang Corn, you said Wang Mingxuan plagiarized
Do you have any evidence?
The founding of Congress is that you did not make a plan yourself
Just frame Wang Mingxuan
I don't have it.
Ronaldinho, you are sitting opposite Jiang Yinning
You say
Yeah, Ronaldinho.
Did you see me planning last night?
You know best
Ronaldinho?
I like people who are realistic and tell the truth
You testify
It seems that Xu Jiao wants Gou Yining
For my work
Yining, I'm sorry.
Why didn't our school copy your idea?
Haha Ronaldinho
How would you lie?
Jiang Yining, you are still arguing
We promise
I don't need a fake employee like you.
Go away
I can quit my job.
But I don't accept it.
You are buried for no reason
Frame me and be stubborn
Security, pull him out of here
you
Stop